Ratchet App Design
==================
Rino Jose <@rjose>

We'll follow along with the Android game book and go through the
following steps:

        * Game mechanics
        * Rough back story with main characters
        * Items, power ups
        * Rough sketch of graphics style based on backstory
        * Sketches of all screens, including transitions and triggers


Game Mechanics
--------------
You start by logging in with your LDAP credentials.

You are shown a timeline chart of your team. The view is split into
4 Quarters.  There are large row divisions for each track. Each line
in each track shows a brief description of an item along with an
indication of the target date for being complete along with the
projected date.

When items are updated, they spin. As time goes on between updates,
the spinning slows down. If it's been a long time since an update,
you'll see spider webs on the projected date marker (it will also
move out in time if that makes sense). There will probably be
multiple tasks associated with each item (e.g., dev task, QA task,
SRE task).

You zoom in by expanding with two fingers. Expanding horizontally
will expand the dateline (e.g., zoom into a quarter). Expanding
vertically will zoom into a track or team. You zoom out with a
pinch.

Tapping on a projected task marker (or any part of a task) will
cause a HUD slide out. Here, you'll see more details about the task.
You'll also be able to take certain actions on the task. You can
create a new dependency (either a prereq or a dependent). You can
see the dependencies for a task as well. This causes the view to
move into a 3D view showing the tasks.

There are also ways to communicate with others. You can ping the
person working on a task. You can send a message to the Tech Lead
for a track. You broadcast an update to a task (which will cause
messages to ripple downstream).  You can "favorite" a task,
which will cause updates to it to show up on your feed.


Backstory
---------
Congratulations! You have just taken on some new responsibilities
and are responsible for a  large team. The problem is that you don't
know what's going on! Fortunately, you've discovered an amazing tool
called "ratchet" that will let you tighten up your org.

Your goal is to get the most valuable work done in a 5 year period.
You'll need to get some short term work done, but you'll also have
to fight bitrot and work on things that will have long term benefit
as well.

Items, power ups
----------------
Nothing for now.


Sketches of all screens
-----------------------

        * Timeline view
        * Task HUD
        * Dependency view
        * Ping view
